RHDEVDOCS-4448 - Restructure Phase 1 (#56096)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/logging-crs-by-operator-snip.adoc

// Text snippet included in the following assemblies:
//
//
// Text snippet included in the following modules:
//
//
:_content-type: SNIPPET

You can configure your {logging} deployment with Custom Resource (CR) YAML files implemented by each Operator.

*Red Hat Openshift Logging Operator*:

* `ClusterLogging` (CL) - Deploys the collector and forwarder which currently are both implemented by a daemonset running on each node.

* `ClusterLogForwarder` (CLF) - Generates collector configuration to forward logs per user configuration.

*Loki Operator*:

> * `LokiStack` - Controls the web proxy with OpenShift Container Platform authentication integration to enforce multi-tenancy, and log store management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `LokiStack` - Controls the web proxy with OpenShift Container Platform authentication integration to enforce multi-tenancy and log store management.
```

*OpenShift Elasticsearch Operator*:

> * `ElasticSearch` - Configure and deploy an Elasticsearch instance as the default log store.

Author: @jcantrill - For the ElasticSearch CR specifically?

> * `ElasticSearch` - Configure and deploy an Elasticsearch instance as the default log store.

Reviewer 2: yes.  The Elasticsearch and Kibana CR specifically

// Text snippet included in the following assemblies:
//
//
// Text snippet included in the following modules:
//
//
:_content-type: SNIPPET

You can configure your {logging} deployment with Custom Resource (CR) YAML files implemented by each Operator.

*Red Hat Openshift Logging Operator*:

* `ClusterLogging` (CL) - Deploys the collector and forwarder which currently are both implemented by a daemonset running on each node.

* `ClusterLogForwarder` (CLF) - Generates collector configuration to forward logs per user configuration.

*Loki Operator*:

> * `LokiStack` - Controls the web proxy with OpenShift Container Platform authentication integration to enforce multi-tenancy and log store management.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `LokiStack` - Controls the Loki cluster as log store and the web proxy with OpenShift Container Platform authentication integration to enforce multi-tenancy.
```
